lib/logstorage: fixes panic at Block.MustInitFromRows (#7695)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/VictoriaLogs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add support for template alias in predefined panels. This allows creating more readable metric names in the legend using constructions like `{{label_name}}`, where `label_name` is the name of the label. [See this commit](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/commit/116101da78a4dee8bd7c4ba0e66458fd05a10469#diff-95141489b32468cf852d2705d96eaa48c50a8b1cdd0424a29e7ca289912a6dcbR140-R151)

* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): fix for `showLegend` and `alias` flags in predefined panels. [See this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7565)

> * BUGFIX: fix panic at high volume log ingestion with unique fields. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7568) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: fix `oo big number of columns detected in the block` panic when the ingested logs contain more than 2000 fields with different names per every [log stream](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/keyconcepts/#stream-fields). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7568) for details.
```
